docs: Add README.md (#14)
contane/charts: charts/foreman/README.md

# foreman - A Renovate UI

A Kubernetes application for managing Renovate jobs, developed by [Contane](https://contane.net).

Foreman is intended to be deployed together with self-hosted [Mend Renovate](https://www.mend.io/renovate/), either in
the same or a secondary Kubernetes cluster.
It provides a user interface for monitoring the Renovate CronJob including interactive progress and logs as well as the
ability to trigger custom jobs, speeding up the dependency upgrade cycle in the case of many repositories.

> Fore more information consult the [documentation](https://github.com/contane/foreman).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information consult [Foreman's documentation](https://github.com/contane/foreman).
```

## TL;DR

```bash
helm install my-custom-release oci://ghcr.io/contane/charts/foreman
```

> If you want to use foreman in production we recommend proper configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend proper configuration when using this chart in a production environment.
```

| `image.pullSecrets` | Docker registry secret names as an array | `[]`              |

### Resource parameters

| Name                        | Description                       | Value   |
|-----------------------------|-----------------------------------|---------|
| `resources.limits.memory`   | Memory limits for the container   | `512Mi` |
| `resources.limits.cpu`      | CPU limits for the container      | `250m`  |
| `resources.requests.memory` | Memory requests for the container | `256Mi` |
| `resources.requests.cpu`    | CPU requests for the container    | `100m`  |

### Ingress parameters

| Name                     | Description                     | Value                 |
|--------------------------|---------------------------------|-----------------------|
| `ingress.className`      | Memory limits for the container | `nginx`               |
| `ingress.host`           | Memory limits for the container | `foreman.dev.local`   |
| `ingress.path`           | Memory limits for the container | `/`                   |
| `ingress.annotations`    | Memory limits for the container | `{}`                  |

> | `ingress.tls.secretName` | Memory limits for the container | `foreman-ingress-tls` |

Reviewer: These descriptions are incorrect.

### Config parameters

| Name                            | Description                                                                | Value   |
|---------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------|
| `config.existingSecret`         | Name of an existing secret containing the configuration                    | `""`    |
| `config.existingConfigMap`      | Name of an existing configmap containing the configuration                 | `""`    |

> | `config.cronJob.namespace`      | Namespace where the CronJob is deployed                                    | `""`    |
> | `config.cronJob.name`           | Name of the CronJob                                                        | `""`    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `config.cronJob.namespace`      | Namespace where the Renovate CronJob is deployed                           | `""`    |
| `config.cronJob.name`           | Name of the Renovate CronJob                                               | `""`    |
```

| `config.cookies.key`            | Key which is used to encrypt the session cookie                            | `""`    |

> | `config.cookies.naxAge`         | Max age of the session cookie, e.g. "24h" or "7 days"                      | `""`    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `config.cookies.maxAge`         | Max age of the session cookie, e.g. "24h" or "7 days"                      | `""`    |
```

| `config.auth.local.enabled`     | Enable local authentication                                                | `false` |
| `config.auth.local.username`    | Username of the local admin user                                           | `""`    |
| `config.auth.local.password`    | Password of the local admin user                                           | `""`    |
| `config.auth.oidc.enabled`      | Enable OIDC authentication                                                 | `false` |
| `config.auth.oidc.issuer`       | Issuer of the OIDC provider                                                | `""`    |
| `config.auth.oidc.clientId`     | Client ID of the OIDC provider                                             | `""`    |
| `config.auth.oidc.clientSecret` | Client Secret of the OIDC provider                                         | `""`    |

> | `config.auth.oidc.publicUrl`    | Public URL of the foreman instance                                         | `""`    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `config.auth.oidc.publicUrl`    | Public URL of the Foreman instance                                         | `""`    |
```

| `config.gitlab.host`            | Optional: URL of the GitLab instance (if GitLab features should be active) | `""`    |

> ### Other parameters

Reviewer: Can we move this section up, perhaps above the "Ingress" section, and rename it to, e.g., "Deployment parameters"?

| Name                 | Description                  | Value |
|----------------------|------------------------------|-------|
| `replicaCount`       | Number of replicas to deploy | `2`   |

> | `serviceAccountName` | Service Account Name         | `""`  |

Reviewer: We should explain that this service account is used by Foreman to access the Kubernetes API, and how to configure a service account with access to Renovate.

Author: I think that should be part of foreman's wiki. We should add a link when the wiki exists.

Reviewer: Alright, makes sense to me.
